there are a lot about the complex
Minutemen and taking up their tablets
and we see pc a 1001 here with the
windows seven multi-touch tablet USB
ports on the side
nothing on another side nothing on the
bottom power button microphone and so on
actually we have a Primus pen here I
believe so so this is actually quite
different than others because this is
capacitive screen with this kind of some
kind of capacitive stylus I don't know
but it's good to have options so Intel
in 455 cpu on the tablet so that's a
pool of available options for TPS and 3g
too so that's a nice to see but doesn't
all they have plenty of other tablets
too so this is another version of it
again small differences but still some
there is a ethernet at least
that really looks the same but it has a
as a different feeling and math feeling
on the on the device oh this is the eca
1001 H so there you have the specs 10
inch screen 1024 x 600 and then the next
one smaller one with Android and I think
we have a buck back button here menu
button near home here so 10 inch screen
10 inch screen android tablet let's see
if we can do any surfing here google oh
man it's big tube ride they came oh boy
let's see if we can go somewhere
now we don't have internet access right
now but this is feeling pretty
responsive
also let's see if we have anything here
No
no we can't access the app for right now
let's see if we can access anything on a
menu side because glutes like
like a basic hundred tablet but here I
believe there is a either the hdmi or
some kind of yeah I hdmi then the USB
headset microSD power microphone there I
believe that something ready for sim
card nothing there volume and the power
there and this is how to look at the
back so pretty slick really doesn't feel
heavy at all it says 620 friends on the
on the paper so I feel like if it's so
it's good
yeah we have to take more about this and
try to get the prices and availability
for one this is cool mulatto an SMB a
1001 so those are the specs for that and
then one more is a 1011 10 inch android
again
and it feels the same with the same but
to live there is some differences now
here this one is with the Tegra 2 so 4
multimedia this should be really cool so
let's see if we have any videos here
there's plenty of galleries here so
let's see let's try that one now
this is not the video yeah play a bit
let's try to kind of be there or
something
Oh
on gallery here here vedo
yeah that's a quality one really really
playing nicely let's give some
when we speak
housekeeping
you ask me it's playing really nicely so
of course this is the thing with second
to the video capabilities are really
nice so Molitor thinking
android tablet that looks cool let's see
again from here of course life typically
we don't get the market we don't get
that Google stops oh no you to know no
gmail and I wanna open on droid system
but you know how to hack it so that's
what we have here murata at computex
pelican
you were watching take a game and take a
bus home